Update schema v3.0 info (#22246)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_catalog/adding_metadata.md

### Metadata Schema v3.0 (beta)
The Entity Definition Schema is a structure that contains basic information about an entity.

#### New features in v3.0 

> ##### Expanded Analysis Units

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Analysis units
```

> Beyond services, now you can organize your systems using various components such as applications, services, queues, datastores, and libraries (WIP). This holistic view supports better analysis and management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beyond services, you can organize your systems using various components such as applications, services, queues, and datastores. This holistic view supports better analysis and management.
```
Datadog's public documentation must not reference time. Instead, we write what is true now. When you add support for libraries, you can add that word to the docs.

> ##### Enhanced Relationship Mapping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Map relationships
```

> With APM/USM data, you can always automatically detect dependencies among components. The schema supports manual declaration to augment auto-detected application topology. This ensures a complete overview of how components interact within your applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With APM/USM data, you can automatically detect dependencies among components. The schema supports manual declaration to augment auto-detected application topology. This ensures a complete overview of how components interact within your applications.
```

> With APM/USM data, you can always automatically detect dependencies among components. We now support manual declaration to augment auto-detected application topology. This ensures a complete overview of how components interact within your applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With APM/USM data, you can always automatically detect dependencies among components. The schema supports manual declaration to augment auto-detected application topology. This ensures a complete overview of how components interact within your applications.
```

> ##### Inheritance of Application Metadata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Inheritance of application metadata
```

Components within an application automatically inherit the application's metadata, simplifying management and visibility.

> ##### Multi-Ownership Support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Multi-ownership
```

> For improved collaboration, you can now assign multiple owners to any entity within your system, ensuring responsibilities are clearly defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For improved collaboration, you can assign multiple owners to any entity within your system, ensuring responsibilities are accurately defined.
```

> ##### Custom Filters for APM Metrics, Logs, and Events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Custom filters for APM metrics, logs, and events
```

With the `datadog` field in v3.0 schema, you can specify custom filters for logs and events associated with each component.

> #### Example Entity Definition (`kind:application`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Example entity definition (`kind:application`)
```

> With the `datadog` field in v3.0 schema, you can now specify custom filters for logs and events associated with each component. This capability enables you to tailor the telemetry data to meet your specific needs, ensuring that you have access to the most relevant and actionable insights.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `datadog` field in v3.0 schema, you can specify custom filters for logs and events associated with each component.
```
Remove marketing language.

      - fp2
{{< /code-block >}}

> #### Example Entity Definition (`kind:service`, `kind:datastore`, `kind:queue`) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Example entity definition (`kind:service`, `kind:datastore`, `kind:queue`) 
```
The heading on line 59 needs its capitalization changed to sentence case also.
